feat: Deprecate InputIconContainer (#2332)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/docs/mdx/10.0-UPGRADE_GUIDE.mdx

## Deprecations

### Input Icon Container

> We've deprecated `InputIconContainer` from Main because it doesn't handle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've deprecated `InputIconContainer` from [Main](#main) because it doesn't handle
```

> We've deprecated `InputIconContainer` from `TextInput` component because it doesn't handle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've deprecated `InputIconContainer` from Main because it doesn't handle
```

> bidirectionality or icons at the start of an input. Use [`InputGroup`](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/story/components-inputs-text-input--icons) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bidirectionality or icons at the start of an input. Please consider using [`InputGroup`](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/story/components-inputs-text-input--icons) instead.
```

## Deprecations

### Input Icon Container

We've deprecated `InputIconContainer` from `TextInput` component because it doesn't handle

> bidirectionality or icons at the start of an input. Use `InputGroup` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bidirectionality or icons at the start of an input. Use [`InputGroup`](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/story/components-inputs-text-input--icons) instead.
```

> deprecated `InputIconContainer`.

Reviewer: If we have a story for `InputGroup` we should point to it

Author: I don't see there is any specific story `InputGroup`, but it's described in `Icons` story, so I add link to it

Reviewer: Ah good point! Maybe we need to update this at some point!

> Here's an [example](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/story/components-inputs-text-input--icons) of using `InputGroup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Deprecations

### Input Icon Container

> We've deprecated `InputIconContainer` from `TextInput` component, because it doesn't handle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've deprecated `InputIconContainer` from `TextInput` component because it doesn't handle
```

> bidirectionality or icons at the start of an input. `InputGroup` should be used instead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bidirectionality or icons at the start of an input. Use `InputGroup` instead.
```

> deprecated `InputIconContainer`. Example of using `InputGroup` you can find in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an [example](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/story/components-inputs-text-input--icons) of using `InputGroup`.
```

> [this story](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/story/components-inputs-text-input--icons).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
